Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements reflecting our views about our future performance that constitute
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (Reform Act).
Statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Reform Act are generally identified through the
inclusion of words such as aim, anticipate, believe, drive, estimate, expect, expressed confidence, forecast,
future, goal, guidance, intend, may, objective, outlook, plan, position, potential, project, seek,
should, strategy, target, will or similar statements or variations of such words and other similar expressions. All
statements addressing our future operating performance, and statements addressing events and developments that we expect or
anticipate will occur in the future, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Reform Act. These forward-looking
statements are based on currently available information, operating plans and projections about future events and trends. They
inherently involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in any such
forward-looking statement. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Item 1A. Risk
Factors and Item 7. Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Our Business
 Our Business Risks. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise. The discussion of risks in this report is by no means all-inclusive but is designed to
highlight what we believe are important factors to consider when evaluating our future performance.
PART I
Item 1. Business.
When used in this report, the terms we, us, our, PepsiCo and the Company mean PepsiCo, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries, collectively. Certain terms used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are defined in the Glossary included in Item 7.
of this report.
Company Overview
We were incorporated in Delaware in 1919 and reincorporated in North Carolina in 1986. We are a leading global beverage and
convenient food company with a complementary portfolio of brands, including Lays, Doritos, Cheetos, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola,
Mountain Dew, Quaker and SodaStream. Through our operations, authorized bottlers, contract manufacturers and other third
parties, we make, market, distribute and sell a wide variety of beverages and convenient foods, serving customers and consumers
in more than 200 countries and territories.
Our Operations
We are organized into seven reportable segments (also referred to as divisions), as follows:
1) Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), which includes our branded convenient food businesses in the United States and
Canada;
2) Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), which includes our branded convenient food businesses, such as cereal, rice, pasta
and other branded food, in the United States and Canada;
3) PepsiCo Beverages North America (PBNA), which includes our beverage businesses in the United States and Canada;
4) Latin America (LatAm), which includes all of our beverage and convenient food businesses in Latin America;
5) Europe, which includes all of our beverage and convenient food businesses in Europe;